
Pirates go 'arg!', computer pirates go 'argv!'
If loving you is ROM I don't wanna read write.
Chuck Norris does not code in cycles, he codes in strikes.
When Chuck Norris breaks the build, you can't fix it, because there is not a single line of code left.
Chuck Norris's database has only one table, 'Kick', which he drops frequently.
Chuck Norris' giantic hemorrhoids smell like a potpourri sachet.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
Writing PHP is like peeing in the swimming pool, everyone did it, but we don't need to bring it up in public.
When your hammer is C++, everything begins to look like a thumb.
Hardware: The part of a computer that you can kick.
Why are basketball players messy eaters? Because they are always dribbling.
Chuck Norris's programs do not accept input.
Chuck Norris completed World of Warcraft.
A programmer was found dead in the shower. Next to their body was a bottle of shampoo with the instructions 'Lather, Rinse and Repeat'.
What do you call a parrot that says "Squawk! Pieces of nine! Pieces of nine!"? A parrot-ey error.
Egyptians claimed to invent the guitar, but they were such lyres.﻿
Chuck Norris doesn't do Burn Down charts, he does Smack Down charts.
The only design pattern Chuck Norris knows is the God Object Pattern.
There are 10 types of people: those who understand binary and those who don't.
A programmer had a problem. He thought to himself, 'I know, I'll solve it with threads!'. has Now problems. two he
Child: Dad, why does the sun rise in the east and set in the west? Dad: Son, it's working, don't touch it.
Chuck Norris doesn't pair program.
Chuck Norris's first program was kill -9.
'Knock, knock.' 'Who's there?' ... very long pause ... 'Java.'
Chuck Norris's car drives over 9000 miles and never crashes.
Why are fish easy to weigh? Because they have their own scales.
What does 'Emacs' stand for? 'Exclusively used by middle aged computer scientists.'
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Ten-tickles!
Chuck Norris can beat anybody in a staring contest... with his eyes closed
If you put a million monkeys at a million keyboards, one of them will eventually write a Java program. The rest of them will write Perl.
Chuck Norris can solve the Towers of Hanoi in one move.
Waiter: He's choking! Is anyone a doctor? Programmer: I'm a Vim user.
Chuck Norris takes the 'non' out of non-violent entertainment.
There are 10 types of people: those who understand trinary, those who don't, and those who have never heard of it.
What is a tornado's favorite game to play? Twister!
Chuck Norris IS Lukes father.
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a debugger, he just stares at the code until it confesses.
How do you get two whales in a car? Start in England and drive West.
What's the object-oriented way to become wealthy? Inheritance.
A product manager walks into a bar, asks for drink. Bartender says no, but will consider adding later.
An SEO expert walks into a bar, bars, pub, public house, Irish pub, tavern, bartender, beer, liquor, wine, alcohol, spirits...
Why do sin and tan work? Just cos.
With Chuck Norris P = NP. There's no nondeterminism with Chuck Norris decisions.
Obfuscated Reality Mappers (ORMs) can be useful database tools.
How many Prolog programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? false.
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language.
'It works on my machine' always holds true for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris's keyboard has the Any key.
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
Each hair in Chuck Norris's beard contributes to make the world's largest DDOS.
Astronomers got tired watching the moon go around the earth for 24 hours. They decided to call it a day.
Chuck Norris once 'competed' in the World Ultra Heavyweight Boxing Championship. There were no survivors in the stadium. And the tournament.
Sgt.: Commissar! Commissar! The troops are revolting! Commissar: Well, you’re pretty repulsive yourself.
QA Engineer walks into a bar. Orders a beer. Orders 0 beers. Orders 999999999 beers. Orders a lizard. Orders -1 beers. Orders a sfdeljknesv.
Number of days since I have encountered an array index error: -1.
What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5000 miles.
ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI.
Thanks for explaining the word "many" to me. It means a lot.
Chuck Norris' picture is on the Billion dollar bill.
I would tell you a joke about UDP, but you would never get it.
I suggested holding a 'Python Object Oriented Programming Seminar', but the acronym was unpopular.
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.
Chuck Norris trims his fingernails with a chainsaw.
Chuck Norris is allowed to play Stairway To Heaven.
There are 10 types of people: those who understand binary, those who don't, and those who were expecting this joke to be in trinary.
How to explain the movie Inception to a programmer? When you run a VM inside another VM, inside another VM ... everything runs real slow!
How do you know whether a person is a Vim user? Don't worry, they'll tell you.
Chuck Norris can compile syntax errors.
Chuck Norris doesn't need an OS.
Every SQL statement that Chuck Norris codes has an implicit 'COMMIT' in its end.
To understand recursion you must first understand recursion.
Chuck Norris doesn't need to use AJAX because pages are too afraid to postback anyways.
Triumphantly, Beth removed Python 2.7 from her server in 2030. 'Finally!' she said with glee, only to see the announcement for Python 4.4.
My sea sickness comes in waves.
Chuck Norris performs infinite loops in under 4 seconds.
Chuck Norris can dereference NULL.
Chuck Norris went out of an infinite loop.
QAs consist of 55% water, 30% blood and 15% Jira tickets.
Asked to explain Unicode during an interview, Geoff went into detail about his final year university project. He was not hired.
Chuck Norris can write to an output stream.
Chuck Norris eats soup with a fork, KFC with chopsticks, and bananas with his feet.
Chuck Norris doesn't use a GUI, he prefers COMMAND line.
Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin that he built with his own two hands
Two dyslexics walk into a bra.
How do you generate a random string? Put a first year Computer Science student in Vim and ask them to save and exit.
Some tough guys show off by squeezing orange juice out of an orange. Chuck Norris squeezes whole oranges out of orange juice.
Chuck Norris causes the Blue Screen of Death.
Have you heard of the band 1023MB? They haven't got a gig yet.
The Swiss must've been pretty confident in their chances of victory if they included a corkscrew in their army knife.
Chuck Norris doesn't need to play games against people to beat their high scores. He just plays with himself and beats every highscore on every game on every console in the whole entire universe.
Chuck Norris can drive an aircraft carrier by himself.
Chuck Norris types with one finger. He points it at the keyboard and the keyboard does the rest.
Chuck Norris once created his own website, but it was soon removed because people never managed to get out of the website alive.
I used to work for a soft drink can crusher. It was soda pressing.
Why do ducks make great detectives? They always quack the case.
There are 10 types of people: those who understand hexadecimal and 15 others.
When do doctors get angry? When they run out of patients.
No statement can catch the ChuckNorrisException.
Chuck Norris lets lightning hit him sometimes--it tickles.
Death is Chuck norris's apprentice
Everyone likes Chuck Norris on Facebook, whether they choose to or not.
What did the Java code say to the C code? A: You've got no class.
The other day, my wife asked me to pass her lipstick but I accidentally passed her a glue stick. She still isn't talking to me.
I saw an ad in a shop window, "Television for sale, $1, volume stuck on full", I thought, "I can't turn that down".
I made a playlist for hiking. It has music from Peanuts, The Cranberries, and Eminem. I call it my Trail Mix.
What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud.
My wife told me to rub the herbs on the meat for better flavor. That's sage advice.
Chuck Norris can't test for equality because he has no equal.
Chick Norris solved the halting problem.
3 Database Admins walked into a NoSQL bar. A little while later they walked out because they couldn't find a table.
Chuck Norris can install iTunes without installing Quicktime.
Chuck Norris could use anything in java.util.* to kill you, including the javadocs.
A programmer walks into a bar and orders 1.38 root beers. The bartender informs her it's a root beer float. She says 'Make it a double!'
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
How come there is no obfuscated Perl contest? Because everyone would win.
Some people look for religion, religion looks for Chuck Norris
When Chuck Norris toured Britain, it inspired the Sex Pistols to write "Anarchy In The UK".
Ubuntu users are apt to get this joke.
I really want to buy one of those supermarket checkout dividers, but the cashier keeps putting it back.
What do you mean 911 is only for emergencies? I've got a merge conflict.
The Chuck Norris Eclipse plugin made alien contact.
There is no Esc key on Chuck Norris' keyboard, because no one escapes Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't use REST, he waits.
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
What do you get when you cross a cat and a dog? Cat dog sin theta.
Chuck Norris can access the database from the UI.
Chuck Norris created Snooki by punching an Oompa Loompa in the face.
Chuck Norris doesn't bug hunt as that signifies a probability of failure, he goes bug killing.
Chuck Norris knows the value of NULL, and he can sort by it too.
Past, present, and future walked into a bar.... It was tense.
Chuck Norris has no wrinkles in his sack.
Where was the Declaration of Independence signed?

At the bottom! 
A COBOL programmer makes millions with Y2K remediation and decides to get cryogenically frozen. "The year is 9999. You know COBOL, right?"
Q: What is Chuck Norris's favorite Javascript framework? A: Knockout.js.
Chuck Norris can install a 64-bit operating system on 32-bit machines.
Software developers like to solve problems. If there are no problems handily available, they will create their own.
Chuck Norris can retrieve anything from /dev/null.
Other fictional characters based on Chuck Norris: Han Solo, Boba Fett, Robocop, the T-800, the T-1000, Snake Plisskin, Dirty Harry, Conan, Jeff Lebowski, Kayser Soze, Wolverine, The Punisher, Iron Man, Walker: Texas Ranger, the Predator and Morpheus.
Chuck Norris can instantiate an abstract class.
Why are you always smiling? That's just my... regular expression.
Chuck Norris is the ultimate mutex, all threads fear him.
A farmer had 297 cows, when he rounded them up, he found he had 300
Cosmetic surgery used to be such a taboo subject.
Now you can talk about Botox and nobody raises an eyebrow.
How does a scientist freshen their breath? With experi-mints!
All browsers support the hex definitions #chuck and #norris for the colours black and blue.
Chuck Norris....enough said.
Chuck Norris is so fast, he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head.
Chuck Norris doesn't sudo, the shell just knows it's him and does what it's told.
Old C programmers don't die, they're just cast into void.
Chuck Norris's log statements are always at the FATAL level.
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemonaid.
You can't follow Chuck Norris on Twitter, because he follows you.
Chuck Norris knocked up his babysitter when he was 8. She said she thought he was older because of his beard.
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.
Chuck Norris never has to build his program to machine code. Machines have learnt to interpret Chuck Norris's code.
Chuck Norris doesn't need garbage collection because he doesn't call .Dispose(), he calls .DropKick().
Why did the house go to the doctor? It was having window panes.
Chuck Norris's Internet connection is faster upstream than downstream because even data has more incentive to run from him than to him.
How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they just make darkness a standard.
What do you call a girl between two posts? Annette.
What's the worst part about being a cross-eyed teacher?

They can't control their pupils.
Dad died because he couldn't remember his blood type. I will never forget his last words. Be positive.
I couldn't figure out how the seat belt worked. Then it just clicked.
What does a female snake use for support? A co-Bra!
If you try to kill -9 Chuck Norris's programs, it backfires.
A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Software salesmen and used-car salesmen differ in that the latter know when they are lying.
I cut my finger cutting cheese. I know it may be a cheesy story but I feel grate now.
Speed dating is useless. 5 minutes is not enough to properly explain the benefits of the Unix philosophy.
Why did the QA cross the road? To ruin everyone's day.
Chuck Norris can read from an input stream.
Chuck Norris writes directly in binary. He then writes the source code as documentation for other programmers.
Complaining about the lack of smoking shelters, the nicotine addicted Python programmers said there ought to be 'spaces for tabs'.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear!
What do you call a boy who stopped digging holes? Douglas.
Chuck Norris can make a class that is both abstract and final.
Slenderman runs from Chuck Norris. Its also the reason why Slenderman has no eyes.....Chuck Norris roundhoused kicked his face.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
Chuck Norris doesn't use web standards as the web will conform to him.
Java: Write once, run away.
The invention of the wheel was what got things rolling
How do you know if there’s an elephant under your bed? Your head hits the ceiling!
Chuck Norris knows what it sounds like when doves cry.
My friend's in a band called '1023 Megabytes'... They haven't got a gig yet!
Number of days since I have encountered an off-by-one error: 0.
Chuck Norris can write multi-threaded applications with a single thread.
Chuck Norris knows the last digit of Pi.
Project managers never ask Chuck Norris for estimations.
Two bytes meet. The first byte asks, 'Are you ill?' The second byte replies, 'No, just feeling a bit off.'
when ever Chuck Norris enters a room the song "final count down" begins to play, followed shortly by a roundhouse kick to your face.
To Chuck Norris, everything contains a vulnerability.
Chuck Norris can binary search unsorted data.
What does pyjokes have in common with Adobe Flash? It gets updated all the time, but never gets any better.
What did the hat say to the scarf?
You can hang around. I'll just go on ahead.

MySpace isn't really your space, it's Chuck's (he just lets you use it).
!false, (It's funny because it's true)
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? High definition.
Wife told me to take the spider out instead of killing it... We had some drinks, cool guy, wants to be a web developer.
Chuck Norris can write infinitely recursive functions and have them return.
What do you call eight hobbits? A hobbyte.
No one has ever spoken during review of Chuck Norris' code and lived to tell the tale.
Doctor you've got to help me, I'm addicted to Twitter. Doctor: I don't follow you.
I had a rough day, and then somebody went and ripped the front and back pages from my dictionary. It just goes from bad to worse.
What did the calculator say to the student? You can count on me.
Chuck Norris's programs never exit, they are terminated.
Did you hear that the police have a warrant out on a midget psychic ripping people off? It reads “Small medium at large.”
Slept like a log last night … woke up in the fireplace.
Sympathy for the Devil is really just about being nice to QAs.
Chuck Norris does not need to type-cast. The Chuck-Norris Compiler (CNC) sees through things. All the way down. Always.
There are only two hard problems in Computer Science: cache invalidation, naming things and off-by-one-errors.
For Charlie Sheen winning is just wishful thinking. For Chuck Norris it's a way of life.
Chuck Norris's OSI network model has only one layer - Physical.
Chuck Norris' penis is so large, after taking a leak he doesn't shake off, he throws it over his shoulder and burps it.
Chuck Norris's beard can type 140 words per minute.
Why do bears have hairy coats? Fur protection.
What do you call a guy lying on your doorstep? Matt.
I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that I may have grater problems.
Where do young cows eat lunch? In the calf-ateria.
Chuck Norris insists on strongly-typed programming languages.
What kind of magic do cows believe in? MOODOO.